[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
I baked this cake
using rare sugar.
How much did you use?
[PIPIMI]
Just a pinch.
[POPUKO]
Ooh.
[PIPIMI]
That's all you need!
[POPUKO]
Wow!
[PIPIMI]
Rare sugar goes a long way.
[POPUKO]
Whoa!
[PIPIMI]
Just a pinch...!
[POPUKO]
Oh, no! We're in for it now!
How do you stop this thing?!
--[POPUKO yelling]
--[PIPIMI laughing]
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic !
Whoa! They let you shake hands
with the otters here?
Ah! They're so cute!
What the hell? You lookin' to
get your bones rearranged?
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic ! Let's fly!
I'm very sorry to keep
you waiting, Unyumaru.
Please come out so I can
apologize to you properly.
[UNYUMARU A]
Unyu?
Unyumaru! You're just so--
[UNYUMARU A]
Adowabul?
[POPUKO]
Fantastic!
Pop Team Epic !
[POPUKO]
Bob Epic Team.
Would the defendant
please step forward?
[POPUKO]
Yes.
Would the defendant
please step to the right?
Right.
[PIPIMI] Would the defendant
please step back?
Yup.
And to the left?
Sure.
Forward! Right!
Yes, right.
Back! Left!
Yup, sure.
One, two, three, four.
Yes, right, yup, sure!
Everyone do the box step!
Box step! Box step!
[BOTH] Box step! Box step!
[PIPIMI]
Court is adjourned!
[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic !
[POPUKO laughing]
[PIPIMI chuckles]
You're so healthy.
Ohhh!
[POPUKO laughing]
You're so healthy.
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
[POPUKO screams]
[POPUKO] Confidence!
I can do anything!
[POPUKO laughing]
Hey, hey! Get over here, buddy!
[POPUKO]
Sure thing, pal of mine!
You on drugs?
[NARRATOR A]
This is the Ungapopo
National Nature Reserve.
Due to civil war and poaching,
the populations of apex animals
such as lions and elephants
have declined in recent years.
This has caused a boom in the
populations of prey species
on the savanna.
Times are tough.
The natural order of things
has been disrupted.
It's created all sorts of
problems for the region.
The herbivores here have
grown up without the fear
of their natural predators,
so they just do what they want.
With nothing to stop them,
they'll cause harm.
In order to restore balance
to the local ecosystem,
we will be reintroducing some
carnivores to the population.
[bell rings]
Popuko, I haven't asked
the question yet.
Echi[beep] Seika!
Uh. Let's get back
to it, shall we?
Hey, guys! All good back there?
There you go.
Let's go get the next one.
[NARRATOR A] The carnivores were
tranquilized, transported,
and left to wake up
in their new home.
The rangers will monitor them
until they are satisfied
and they have fully adapted
to the environment.
This is only the first
step in our efforts
to restore the savanna's
once-rich ecosystem.
[PIPIMI] All right, players,
your first question is,
what did one of the
transported animals say?
Yes, Cthuo, you were
the first to buzz in.
"You know what I'd
kill for? A latte!"
[buzzer]
Yes, Popuko?
[POPUKO]
Mochi.
[PIPIMI] Quit it! You'll get
a snack after the game!
[music plays]
Oh, dear, it seems
we are out of time
and must move on
to the next round.
But first, let's check back in
on the predator experiment.
Look over there!
The African wild dogs
are forming packs.
[RANGER B] And it seems
they're already breeding.
This is great news!
[bell rings]
Yes?
I tell ya, this
safari park sucks.
They make all the Great Old
Ones go through it on foot!
[buzzer]
A lion and a giraffe roasting
some mochi on a grill.
[buzzer]
I don't know what this is,
but you all need to cut it out!
I think I speak for everyone
when I say humans are selfish.
They say they're working
to fix the environment,
but they're the hypocrites
who wrecked it all
in the first place!
Humans are a blight.
They're a hindrance to
all life on this planet!
That's all I have
to say, thank you!
Correct!
And with that, it looks like
Popuko is today's winner!
Dang it.
Remember to tune in next week.
Aw, man.
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic.
[JOHN]
It happened ten years ago.
My mother thought it would
be nice to visit the park.
Hey! Look at the birdies,
Mommy! They're so cute!
[MOTHER A]
Yes, they are very cute.
[POPUKO]
They're here. It's time.
The fate of the Earth
is in their talons.
[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
All hands! This is not a drill!
The Picolino Cannon is armed!
Oh, no! I knew I should've
checked my weather app today.
If that meteor hits the Earth,
the whole planet will be
plunged into a new Ice Age!
[POPUKO, PIPIMI] Hit it with
everything you've got!
[JOHN]
That's when I realized.
Those Picolino bollards were
more than just decoration.
They were protecting us--
aways at the ready to defend
parks across the world,
and the smiles of the
children playing in them.
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
Would you like me to top off
your coffee for you, young miss?
Yes, please.
That would be lovely.
We've got a refill folks!
Are you ready?!
All righty! Let's get
this party started.
With a hot serving of gratitude!
Thank you for your patronage!
[PIPIMIS]
Thank you! Thank you!
It means the world to us.
[PIPIMIS] We really,
really, really mean it!
[PIPIMI]
Can you smell those beans?
[PIPIMIS]
And look at that steam!
Now's the perfect moment
to take that first sip!
Drink it, drink it, drink it,
drink it, drink it all up!
[PIPIMIS] Drink it, drink it,
drink it, drink it,
drink it all up!
Now tell us, princess,
what do you think of it?
Another, please!
You heard her! Another hot
serving of gratitude coming up!
Would you like for me to top
you off as well, young miss?
[CUSTOMER A]
Nah. I'm good.
Oh, but I insist.
[NARRATOR A] Untold adventure
awaits in the realm
embraced by the gods.
Will you answer Eorzea's call
and forge a new legend?
[POPUKO]
Yahoo!
[laughing]
[PIPIMI]
Let's go!
[BOTH]
Adventures ho!
[BOTH cheering]
[phone ringing]
[POPUKO]
Huh?
Sha tanki? Too risky!
[PIPIMI chuckles]
You're done!
[POPUKO coughs]
Oh, dear, whatever shall I do?
Ron!
[POPUKO]
Very noice, very noice.
Why aren't they
answering my calls?
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic.
Uwu? Uwuwu. Nyan-nyan.
I knew you'd say that.
Well, I knew that you
knew that I'd say that.
How 'bout that?
Oh, yeah?
Well, I knew that you knew that
I knew that you'd say that.
How 'bout that?
--Well, I knew.
--I knew!
--I--
I knew that you--! Oh, biscuits.
I fwubbed my wine!
Well, I knew you'd say that.
--I knew! I knew!
--I knew!
[PIPIMI]
I knew.
Got you!
[PIPIMI]
Piece of cake.
Heh. And stay down.
[POPUKO] Time for me
to unleash my finisher.
[POPUKO laughing]
[POPUKO]
I don't mean to brag,
but I'm a certified,
gun-wielding fiend!
Don't even try touching this!
[POPUKO cackles]
Hello, everyone!
Thank you very much
for purchasing
Pop Team Epic Season 2.
Okay, why is everyone thanking
people for "buying" season 2?
It's on the app!
Just stream it, you doofs!
[PIPIMI]
Katelyn, don't say that.
Am I wrong though?
Think of all the stuff you could
get by not buying a DVD.
Yeah, but we want them
to buy the DVD!
Instead, you could get
ringside seats
to a pro-wrestling match
and get blood sprayed on you
while two titans
wail on each other!
Why would anyone
wanna do that? Gross!
Get yourself a musclehead
boyfriend and bring him along.
I'm not doing that.
Your loss. New topic!
Do you have any crazy
plans for the money
you're making from this session?
I'm saving up for
an electric scooter.
And not a copy of
Pop Team Epic ?
Oh, God, no! I'm not a doofus.
I'll just stream it on the app.
See, that's funny
because I was thinking
of getting one for myself.
[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
I baked this cake
using rare sugar.
How much do you use?
[PIPIMI]
This much...
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic !
Whoa! They let you shake hands
with the otters here?
That's so cool! Time to
make a new otter friend!
[OTTER A]
Die, human!
I will fucking end you!
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic !
Come on out, Unyumaru.
I promise this
won't hurt at all.
Well, only for a second.
[POPUKO]
Unyumaru!
[UNYUMARU B]
Can't reach me now, bitch.
How do you like them apples?
[POPUKO]
Fuck off!
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
[POPUKO]
Bob Epic Team.
Would the defendant
please step forward?
[POPUKO]
Yes.
Would the defendant
please step to the right?
Right.
[PIPIMI] Would the defendant
please step back?
Yup.
And to the left?
Sure.
Forward! Right!
Yes, right.
Back! Left!
Yup, sure.
One, two, three, four.
Yes, right, yup, sure!
Everyone do the box step!
Box step! Box step!
[BOTH] Box step! Box step!
[PIPIMI]
Court is adjourned!
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic !
[POPUKO grunting]
You're so healthy!
[POPUKO]
Om, nom, nom, nom.
Hang on. You ever think about
starting up a manga career?
You got the energy for it.
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic.
[POPUKO] Yow! Yeah, yeah,
yeah! I am invincible!
Arf, arf! Oh, no. Hang on.
Hey, hey! Come on over,
pal of mine!
[POPUKO]
Sure! Thank you, thank you!
Drugs.
Oh, hey, Ungapopo.
I know that place.
You do? Well, make sure
you still pay attention.
[POPUKO]
Oh, yeah.
[PIPIMI] Good. There'll
be questions after.
'Kay. Man, that's pretty.
Just look at it.
I'd love to visit there.
That'd be nice--
a little savanna vacay.
Hey, do you think there'd
be dinosaurs there?
Like, real ones?
Real dinosaurs? Well, yeah.
Hey, wait, for real?
Why not? For sure. I mean,
why wouldn't there be?
Hey! It's that guy from
that movie! Doesn't he--?
Get eaten? Yup.
No, I think he's the guy
who gets barfed on.
[bell rings]
Popuko, I haven't asked
the question yet.
What is Australia?
We apologize for that
interruption, folks.
And we are back, yes.
Hey, you think they'll have
to do an emergency landing?
[PIPIMI] You mean like
that one arcade game?
I can't remember the name of it.
But it starts off with you crash
landing in the jungle. That one?
Yeah, yeah, yeah,
and then the whole game
you're just mowin' down
waves of enemies.
[PIPIMI]
Du-dut, dut. Dut, dut.
[POPUKO]
Hey, that's the theme!
I'm surprised you
remember that much.
Me, too.
[NARRATOR A] This is only the
first step in our efforts
to restore the savanna's
once-rich ecosystem.
[PIPIMI]
All right, players,
your first question
for this round is,
What was something one
of the transported animals
said on the flight?
Yes, Cthuo. You were the
quickest on the buzzer!
"You know what I'd
kill for? A latte!"
[buzzer]
Yes, Popuko.
[POPUKO]
Hmm?
[buzzer]
[PIPIMI] No, you'll get
your snack after the game!
[music plays]
Darn! That sound means that we
are out of time for this round.
If you would please turn your
attention back to the footage
so we can move on.
Hmm, it's these two again.
How much you wanna bet
they're going to fall in
love before the end?
Hey, maybe they already did.
[bell rings]
Yes?
I tell ya, this
safari park sucks.
They make Great Old Ones
go through it on foot!
[buzzer]
[PIPIMI] Please refrain
from inventing prompts.
I'm looking at you, Popuko!
I think I speak for everyone
when I say humans are selfish.
They say they're working
to fix the environment,
but they're the hypocrites
who wrecked it all
in the first place.
Humans are a blight
on this world.
Our only way forward
is to wipe them out.
That's all I have
to say, thank you!
Correct!
Popuko wins in a stunning
come-from-behind victory!
Damn it.
Remember to tune in next week!
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic.
[JOHN]
It happened ten years ago.
My mother thought it would
be nice to visit the park.
Hey! Look at the birdies,
Mommy! They're so cute!
[MOTHER A]
Yes, they are very cute.
[POPUKO]
They're here. It's time.
The fate of the Earth
is in their talons.
[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
All hands! This is not a drill!
The Picolino Cannon is armed!
Oh. no. I knew I should've
checked my weather app today.
If that meteor hits the Earth,
the whole planet will be plunged
into a new Ice Age!
[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
Give it everything you've got!
[JOHN]
That's when I realized.
Those Picolino bollards were
more than just decoration.
They were protecting us--
always at the ready to defend
parks across the world,
and the smiles of the
children playing in them.
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
Excuse me. Would you like me
to top your coffee off for you?
Yes, please. That would
be wonderful.
We got another refill!
Are you ready?
[PIPIMIS]
We sure are!
Let's get this party started.
First off, a piping hot
serving of gratitude!
Thank you for your business!
[PIPIMIS]
We love you! We love you!
From the bottom of our hearts!
[PIPIMIS] Thank you, thank you,
thank you, thank you!
[PIPIMI]
Check out that steam!
[PIPIMIS]
It's just the right temp!
Now's the perfect moment
for you to take a sip!
Go ahead and get all up
in that hot, frothy brew!
[PIPIMIS]
Let's go!
How'd you like it, princess?
May I have more?
Hell yes! Let's get
this lady more caffeine!
Would you like for me to top
you off as well, young miss?
[CUSTOMER A]
Nah. I'm good.
Oh, but I insist.
[NARRATOR A] Untold adventure
awaits in the realm
embraced by the gods.
Will you answer Eorzea's call
and forge a new legend?
[POPUKO]
Yahoo! Yay!
[PIPIMI]
Let's go! Yahoo!
[POPUKO]
Yahoo!
[BOTH]
Adventures away!
--[PIIMI] I can't wait! Ha-ha!
--[POPUKO] Ha! I'm so excited!
[phone ringing]
Sha tanki? Too risky!
[PIPIMI chuckles]
You're done!
[POPUKO gasps]
Well played, Mr. Dragoon.
Ron.
Why aren't they
answering my calls?
[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic !
Top of the mornin'
to ya, old McDonald!
I knew you'd say that.
Well, I knew that you
knew that I'd say that.
[ANNOUNCER A]
Two-chain combo!
Well, I knew that you
knew that I knew
that you'd say that.
[ANNOUNCER A]
Three-chain!
--Well, I knew.
--Well! Well, I--!
--Well! Well!
Well, I skibibity bop!
Oh, my bad. I fwubbed my line!
[chuckles]
Well, I wew you'd way wat.
--Well, I-- Well, I--!
--Well!
--Well! Well. Well. Well!
--Well. W-W-Well.
[PIPIMI] All right!
I'm flanking them right now!
Give me a second. I-I'm just
about to drop their shields!
They're down! You're all set!
[POPUKO]
Then it's time for my finisher.
[POPUKO giggling]
[POPUKO screams]
[POPUKO laughing]
[PIPIMI]
Oh, yeah!
[ANNOUNCER A]
Attention players,
a new Poppex champion
has been declared.
What's up?
[POPUKO]
Hey, great job today.
You, too. It's been a good while
since we've worked together.
Didn't we do a con together
recently or something?
[PIPIMI] Oh, yeah, That's right.
That completely slipped my mind.
Yeah, remember how you almost
got yourself in big trouble?
Um, no?
Yeah, we were
gettin' interviewed
about that show we're on
and, uh, someone asked you
a really spoilery question
and I had to cover your mouth
to keep you from givin'
too much away.
You were, like, seconds away
from revealing the big twist.
That the butler did it?
No, that's the other show.
Are you talking about
the one with the ghost?
We've done so many
shows together,
--it's hard to keep track.
--The ghost and the kid.
I remember now.
Yeah, you did save me from doing
a stupid during that interview.
Good thing we both got invited
or else things would have
turned out very differently.
[POPUKO]
Happy to help, man.
Hey, didn't you get with
a new agency recently?
[POPUKO]
I did, yeah.
It's a boutique agency that
specializes in animal talent.
And, uhh, yeah...
I'm saying fuck.